Add development maturity index documentation (#179)
wiris/moodle-filter_wiris: docs/environment/README.md

# Environment

> This project can be run in two different environments: [development](#development) and [production](../usage/README.md#production).

Reviewer: La forma en que está expresado este párrafo me parece raro, porque la información del entorno de desarrollo si está aquí pero la de producción no, por eso sugiero lo siguiente:

```suggestion
This project can be run in two different environments. To run in a development environment, follow the instructions in the [development](#development) section of this very document. If what you need are instructions about how to use it in a production environment, please head to the [usage documentation](../usage/README.md#production).
```

Author: Done!

- [MathType for TinyMCE 3.x](https://github.com/wiris/moodle-tinymce_tiny_mce_wiris) for Moodle versions under 4.2.
- [MathType for TinyMCE 6.x](https://github.com/wiris/moodle-tinymce6_wiris) for Moodle versions above 4.2.

> You can also generate MathML and/or LaTeX on your own, and the MathType filter will render it.

## Development

### Install MathType filter

It is necessary to have a [Moodle development environment](https://github.com/moodlehq/moodle-docker) configured. 

> Install the plugin like any other plugin to the folder `/filter/wiris`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install the plugin like any other plugin in the folder `/filter/wiris`.
```
